Add `New Featured Artist: PHAZE` news post (#10370)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-11-04-new-featured-artist-phaze.md

---
layout: post
title: "New Featured Artist: PHAZE"
date: 2023-11-04 16:30:00 +0000
---

Our newest Featured Artist **PHAZE** steps into the virtual spotlight!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/387/header.jpg)

> **PHAZE** is a three-piece international band specializing in the internet's ever-expansive landscape. Mixing anime-inspired Japanese vocals with genres like electro swing, rock, and pop, **PHAZE**'s sound reaches throughout the VR scene via live virtual events and the VRChat scene.

Reviewer: slight repetition

```suggestion
**PHAZE** is a three-piece international band specialising in the internet's ever-expansive landscape. Mixing anime-inspired Japanese vocals with genres like electro swing, rock, and pop, **PHAZE**'s sound reaches throughout VR spheres via live virtual events and the VRChat scene.
```
